http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P69 educated at
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P800 notable work
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P136 genre
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P138 named after
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P361 part of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P47 shares border with
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P410 military rank
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P306 operating system
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1344 participant in
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P674 characters
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P403 mouth of the watercourse
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P31 instance of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P140 religion or worldview
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P407 language of work or name
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P462 color
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1441 present in work
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1427 start point
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P509 cause of death
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P286 head coach
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P155 follows
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P22 father
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P400 platform
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P641 sport
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P27 country of citizenship
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P749 parent organization
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1811 list of episodes
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P118 league
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P36 capital
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P945 allegiance
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P61 discoverer or inventor
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P279 subclass of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1412 languages spoken, written or signed
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P171 parent taxon
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P127 owned by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1336 territory claimed by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P180 depicts
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P86 composer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P112 founded by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2541 operating area
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1376 capital of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P451 unmarried partner
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P501 enclave within
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P54 member of sports team
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P991 successful candidate
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P437 distribution format
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P131 located in the administrative territorial entity
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P178 developer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P463 member of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P344 director of photography
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P101 field of work
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P726 candidate
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P84 architect
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P355 has subsidiary
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P150 contains the administrative territorial entity
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P275 copyright license
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P123 publisher
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P272 production company
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2936 language used
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P921 main subject
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P658 tracklist
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2512 has spin-off
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P406 soundtrack release
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2438 narrator
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P750 distributed by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P241 military branch
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P840 narrative location
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P485 archives at
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1408 licensed to broadcast to
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1387 political alignment
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P108 employer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P166 award received
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P170 creator
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P87 librettist
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P264 record label
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1383 contains settlement
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P915 filming location
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P425 field of this occupation
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1056 product or material produced or service provided
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P25 mother
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P412 voice type
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P287 designed by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P802 student
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P57 director
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P469 lake on watercourse
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P122 basic form of government
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P767 contributor to the creative work or subject
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P452 industry
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P184 doctoral advisor
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P449 original broadcaster
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1018 language regulatory body
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P30 continent
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P725 voice actor
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P26 spouse
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P50 author
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P937 work location
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P607 conflict
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P175 performer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P190 twinned administrative body
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P413 position played on team / speciality
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P276 location
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P504 shipping port
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P289 vessel class
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1716 brand
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P19 place of birth
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P159 headquarters location
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P277 programmed in
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P37 official language
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1366 replaced by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P172 ethnic group
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P408 software engine
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P176 manufacturer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P421 located in time zone
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P735 given name
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P461 opposite of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P102 member of political party
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P137 operator
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P162 producer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P195 collection
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P119 place of burial
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P205 basin country
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P156 followed by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P17 country
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P201 lake outflow
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P263 official residence
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P200 inflows
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2554 production designer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P737 influenced by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P527 has part(s)
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1066 student of
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1431 executive producer
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1142 political ideology
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P740 location of formation
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1365 replaces
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P58 screenwriter
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P103 native language
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P611 religious order
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P106 occupation
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P2348 time period
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P495 country of origin
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P126 maintained by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1889 different from
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1532 country for sport
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P144 based on
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P135 movement
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P197 adjacent station
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P40 child
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P81 connecting line
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P647 drafted by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P185 doctoral student
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P530 diplomatic relation
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P706 located in/on physical feature
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P488 chairperson
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P676 lyrics by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P149 architectural style
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1071 location of creation
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P206 located in or next to body of water
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P710 participant
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P551 residence
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P941 inspired by
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P364 original language of film or TV show
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P20 place of death
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1040 film editor
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P466 occupant
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P1303 instrument
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P161 cast member
http://www.wikidata.org/entity/P179 part of the series
